Add a script to check product release versions (#62)
mongodb/code-example-tooling: README.md

# Code Example Tooling

This repository contains tooling that the MongoDB Developer Docs team

> uses to help us audit and track code examples across MongoDB's documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uses audit and track code examples across MongoDB's documentation
```

corpus.

- `audit`: Two Go projects, plus Go type definitions and constants that are
  common to both of them:

>   - `gdcd`: The Great Docs Code Devourer gets code examples from MongoDB
>     documentation, along with a selection of metadata, adds a category, and
>     writes the info to a database in Atlas.
>   - `dodec`: The Database of Devoured Example Code: query and perform a few
>     manual updates on the database of code examples and related metadata.

Reviewer: [suggestion] this is from the wiki descriptions, which I think are more helpful
```suggestion
- `gdcd`, or the Great Docs Code Devourer:  an ingestion tool that gets and categorizes code examples from the current 
  MongoDB documentation corpus, with a selection of metadata, and writes the info to a 
  database in Atlas.
- `dodec`, or the Database of Devoured Example Code: a query tool that lets us find code examples and related 
  metadata in the database for reporting or to perform manual updates.
```

- `examples-copier`: a Go app that runs as a GitHub App and copies files from the
   source code repo (generated code examples) to multiple target repos and branches.

> - `github-check-releasese`: a Node.js script to get the latest release versions
>   of products we use in our test suites, and let us know what's outdated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `github-check-releases`: a Node.js script that gets the latest release versions
  of products we use in our test suites, and creates Jira tickets for outdated versions.
```

> - `github-metrics`: a Node.js script to get metrics from GitHub and write them
>   to a database in Atlas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `github-metrics`: a Node.js script that gets engagement metrics from GitHub for specified repos and writes them
  to a database in Atlas.
```

> - `query-docs-feedback`: A Go project and type definitions to query the MongoDB
>   docs feedback for feedback related to code examples, and output the result
>   to a report as .csv.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `query-docs-feedback`: a Go project with type definitions that queries the MongoDB
Docs Feedback received for any feedback related to code examples, and outputs the result
to a report as `.csv`.
```
